Muushig is a common card game in Mongolia. The game is played with a deck of 32 cards and is usually played by 5 players. Players start with 15 points, and the first player to reach 0 points wins. There are however multiple variations in the rules on how the scores are calculated.

The game consists of multiple independent rounds. Each round consists of 4 stages: dealing, entering, discarding, and playing. 
1. Dealing: The dealer shuffles the deck and deals 5 cards to each player. See the appendix to learn about details of the dealing. After dealing, the dealer places the remaining cards in the center of the table to form the draw pile. The dealer then flips the top card of the draw pile. In the next round, the player sitting next to the dealer becomes the new dealer.
2. Entering: After looking at their cards, starting from the player sitting next to the dealer (clockwise rotation), each player should decide whether they would enter the round or not. 
3. Discarding: Starting from the player sitting next to the dealer (clockwise rotation), each player (including the dealer) draws/discards cards. If there are x cards left in the draw pile, the player can discard up to x cards to the discard pile, and then draw x cards from the draw pile. The discard phase ends when the draw pile is empty, or each person has discarded. At the end of the discard phase, the dealer can discard one of his card and pick up the card that was flipped at the beginning of the round. 
4. Playing: TO BE ADDED
